here's a good old Pacific still got a
license plate on it this is 1971 and a
self-loading trader a little Brayden
winch or something
PTO winch makes this truck independent
can load and offload it straighter most
trucks can't do
it's probably a nameplate somewhere here
it says what your it is really long
wheelbase some kind of turbo fend see
you not before this is probably from the
50s what was that door over nice
everything had two sticks back then
and we have the nameplates down there
the general somebody would want it the
specific truck club so probably already
got it bears got 6-2 5-5 194 bottle I
can't read it
not crawled in these cobwebs anymore
sorry mice and stuff living in here and
junk all over some sort of park break
well it could be to engage the winch